hi this is Bardo in this video I will
show you very instructive just a game
this is the game between moxifloxacin
and jo Neil that was played in Uli's in
2005 and where is Uli's Ulysses the city
in Texas the United States magician had
bite pieces and he started with E for J
O'Neill played c5 and we have 60 lien
defense Knight to f3 g6 black goes for
Dragon or accelerated dragon variation
of Sicilian defense d4 Bishop to g7
usually black captures pawn on d4 first
and after Knight takes on d4 Bishop to
g7 but we will have transposition Bishop
to g7 was played first Knight to c3 pawn
takes pawn Knight takes on d4 Knight to
c6 Bishop to e3 Knight to f6 Bishop to
c4 black Castle kingside
Bishop to beat Lee it is black to move
this six is the most popular move in
this position that move is preventing
white from playing a five in the game
black played and Knight to a5 obviously
black wants to capture bishop on b3
how should white continue there is a
reason why these six is the most popular
move
if preventing a five so white played d5
and Black has a choice you can catch the
bishop on b3 or to play Knight to e8 if
Knight takes bishop then pawn takes
knight Knight takes rook pawn takes
Bishop black and play rook to e8 or
capture pawn
Queen takes Knight and white is better
so in the game black played a knight -
v8 and we have reached critical position
of the game it is white to move and to
play or kill a move for the best result
please pause the video and try to find
the winning move that white play in this
position ready is it hard to find for
what season betrayed pieces it was easy
how well he studied game fish' Reshevsky
it was played in US Championship in New
York in 1958 he remembered Fisher's move
and he played Bishop takes pawn on f7
check what now if rook takes Bishop then
a knight to e6 attacking Queen if pawn
takes Knight then Queen takes Queen mmm
so black captured it King
but now how would you continue again
play a bit white pieces just did was
fish added night to e6 attacking Queen
in the game fish a dash a ski the Chesky
captured night it porn
lost Queen and lost the game in 42 moves
against vision in our game o'neill
decided to rather sacrifice the king and
queen and catch at night with kink into
d5 check king to f5 g4 check King takes
pawn well we have to admit that this
King was a real gentleman he went to
enemy's camp to face certain death just
to save his beautiful Queen
look - g-man obviously King the not
survive well what now if King to h4 then
Queen to d4 check and after King to h3
check and checkmate in the game black
King to a5
it is white to move and to checkmate in
one can you see the move rook to g5
check mate studying games on the past
can be very useful even watching my
youtube videos can be of some help in
improving chess do you agree and that is
all I hope that you enjoyed watching
this video I wish you good luck with
churches and bye for now